instantly gain control over the hormone
that controls literally everything
related to fat loss hey this is joel
co-founder of biotrust nutrition and
today i'm here to talk to you about the
single most important fat burning
hormone in your body its name is leptin
and in fact leptin is such a dominant
critically important hormone that it
literally controls every other weight
loss hormone in your body and your
ability to burn fat as a whole you see
when you have left it on your side fat
loss becomes easy when you don't losing
even a single pound can become virtually
impossible and here's the reality just
about everyone is unknowingly fighting a
losing battle with leptin each and every
time they attempt to lose weight with
that said it's pretty easy to see why so
many folks and perhaps you're one of
them struggle to shed their unwanted
body fat month after month year after
year now in the next two minutes I'm
going to explain to you exactly why and
how leptin is limiting your fat loss and
how our breakthrough let the burn
formula solves all the problems left and
poses as you attempt to drop those
unwanted pounds ready first in order to
burn fat your body depends on these two
things high levels of leptin and highly
sensitive leptin receptors now for the
bad news and don't worry good news is
coming anytime you go on a diet and
reduce your calorie intake leptin levels
plummet and fat burning is dramatically
reduced why because leptons main
function is to protect your body against
starvation and in the midst of decreased
food intake like dieting your body
unfortunately views your stored body fat
is a huge asset to survival after all
body fat provides a vast supply of
stored energy and warmth both highly
valued resources when food is in short
supply you see when you go on a diet
your body isn't aware of your hopes for
a slim tight waistline or your desire to
draw 20 pounds in time for your high
school reunion or summer beach season in
fact the only thing it does know is that
your calorie intake is now below normal
and to your brain that's a big red flag
the result reduced leptin levels and
dramatically decreased fat burning in
fact research has shown that leptin
levels drop by as much as fifty percent
after just seven days of dieting that
puts you at only fifty percent of your
fat-burning
anjel just one week into your fat loss
plan and it only gets worse with each
passing day and as if that wasn't bad
enough with every pound you do struggle
to lose leptin levels fall even further
making it even more difficult for you to
continue to lose fat why because is
mentioned in the face of calorie
restriction your body views stored body
fat as an asset to survival the more fat
you lose the more danger your body
senses and the harder it is to strip
away that next pound hello fat loss
plateaus now I hate to continue to be
the bearer of bad news but the scenario
I just explained is only half the
problem the other unfortunate reality is
that the vast majority of people are
suffering from a condition known as
leptin resistance due to years of high
body fat levels and a diet full of
processed foods leptin resistance simply
means that even at high levels leptin is
no longer able to properly signal fat
burning to your body dramatically
decreasing its fat loss effects that's a
pretty disheartening truth for the fat
loss enthusiasts but as I alluded
earlier there's good news scratch that
great news right around the corner let
me ask you this what if I told you there
was a drop dead simple way to keep left
and levels high as you lose weight while
also increasing your body sensitivity to
the hormone is that something you might
be interested in you see if you could do
that you can essentially keep your body
in a fat-burning state all the time hi
leptin levels equal high levels of fat
burning 24 hours a day 7 days a week can
you just imagine how much more fat you'd
burn if your body was no longer limiting
your rate of fat loss on a daily basis
that's right a lot more and here's the
great news there is indeed a drop dead
simple way to achieve exactly that and
even better it only takes a measly 30
short seconds each day to implement UCR
lepta burn formula was scientifically
designed to tackle leptin from both
problematic angles production and
sensitivity and through a synergistic
blend of six unique ingredients we were
able to accomplish just that here's how
it works let the burns first ingredient
is irv NGA gavin ii sirs a compound that
has been shown to support leptin
sensitivity by inhibiting the production
of c-reactive protein or CRP a chemical
in the body that has been
with the development of leptin
resistance by the fifty two percent to
further support its dramatic effect on
weight loss in one double-blind study
102 otherwise healthy overweight
volunteers received either 150
milligrams of revenge EA extract or a
placebo twice daily prior to meals for a
period of 10 weeks at the end of 10
weeks the your Venture Group lost an
average of 28 pounds or 13.1 percent
decrease in body weight sheds 6.7 inches
from their waistline and had reduced
their total body fat by an average of
eighteen point four percent next up is
oleana cassatt a compound extracted from
olive tree leaves that has a stimulatory
effect on a specific gut peptide called
glucagon-like peptide-1 or GOP one
research shows that an oral dose of this
extract can increase GOP won by
forty-eight percent which in turn has
been closely linked to increase left in
production the third ingredient madha
Fillion a potent seaweed extract
harvested from pristine Arctic waters
has been shown to stimulate increased
left in production in fat cells by up to
eighteen percent through its ability to
stimulate thyroid stimulating hormone or
TSH in the adrenals stimulation of TSH
in turn stimulates the production of
leptin in fat cells let the burns fourth
ingredient is panax notoginseng a
well-known and commonly used traditional
Chinese herb called Sean qui by master
herbalist that was recently shown to
also have metabolic properties including
naturally suppressing appetite and
increasing leptin sensitivity and
finally to further enhance the fat
burning effects of left to burn we've
included potent natural extracts of
yerba mate a and green tea which have
also been shown to increase resting
metabolic rate and metabolize fatty
acids from fat cells to be burned all
while suppressing appetite and
increasing energy and alertness lepta
burn truly is a breakthrough formula
that solves your body's biggest fat loss
problem your body's production of
insensitivity to the one solitary
hormone that literally controls
everything with regards to fat loss
listen the fact is this you can gain
control of leptin today or you can allow
it to continue to control you the choice
is your
and why wait with our one hundred
percent satisfaction money-back
guarantee you're always protected so
there's nothing to lose except your most
stubborn body fat to begin experiencing
just how easy fat loss can be when you
have left and on your side simply choose
your money saving package below the
video image on this page and then click
Add to Cart